p2m cluster mode should work same as "basic" node clustering code
just execute code in pm2 cluster mode.

test out if can generate and read in the same code pm2 logs
so, pm2 start server, -> pm2 generates log file for the session -> after while in code, read the log file generated
(could be something like, code reads all files in designated folder).

Need to make websockets for servers, servers send out data and comannds to eachother
For example have "main" server and discord bot server running on same pm2, -> if discord bot gets some command, 
process the command and send needed information through websocket to "main" server.

https://github.com/rowanmanning/learning-express-cluster/blob/master/app.js

"Main" server could have running frontend website, with command input "form" available
Need to create seperate api that "main" server uses, and use React with ajax framework to inject and update the html page with new data

Need to  convert Node to Express -> more functions and modules for use
Also need to make "Main" server into router server
Router server listens and routes request to correct handlers. 

Need to use NGINX with router server to be able to route request to different servers, use with webhooks.
Different servers are on seperate ports, thus clustering works, can get and send data on own ports, and have NGINX as "main" server.

Need to add error/crash limit to servers,
3 Crashes or same errors in short spand of time and need to shutdown the server
Also automatically log the crashes or errors in json or txt file.
If bot is working, need to alert if needed to shutdown server
By this method, helps with same error occuring and helps finding out errors and make solutions to problems yet arrive.

DownWithGit
Server to handle updating, downloading and deleting files from github.
Allows to basically "work from anywhere", make changes to servers, have server itself donwload them and deploy with updates
Maybe use in "main" server or have seperate server that is booted on only when needed/requested.
Request includes -> Action(Download, Update, Delete), Name of the github repository, Path which to download
Response include -> Result(Completed, Failed(err), canceled), Path of file, duration(time it took to make action)

Jorma (Discord bot)
Acts as "default" bot in discord servers. Has basic bot functions.
When interracting in DM´s, have interface panel created to make it easier to control everything.

cluster master = http server
inside running http.server.on call command for forking new clsuters
no cluster slaves are deployed until required. 
When request comes, server waits continuing until free cluster/slave is available
When free cluster/slave, pass the request to to cluster/slave.
Max cpu's = maxcpu(10), if currentcluster (0-10) < maxcpu (10), create and fork new cluster
